datapath connector clean-up and docs update (#43927)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/performance/tuning.rst

.. _datapath_config:

netkit configuration
--------------------

netkit can be enabled by modifying ``bpf.datapathMode`` to one of the following
values.

======================= =======================================================================================
Datapath Mode Value     Description
======================= =======================================================================================
``veth`` (default)      Use veth devices operating at Layer2.
``netkit``              Use netkit in Layer3 mode. Cilium will error on startup if unsupported.
``netkit-l2``           Use netkit in Layer2 mode. Cilium will error on startup if unsupported.
``auto``                Auto-detect at runtime: use netkit (Layer3) if kernel support is present, fallback to veth.
======================= =======================================================================================

To validate whether your installation is running with netkit, run ``cilium status``
in any of the Cilium Pods and look for the line reporting the status for "Device Mode".
This represents the current operational datapath mode. Where ``bpf.datapathMode=auto``

> is set, the configured mode will visible as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This represents the current operational datapath mode. When ``bpf.datapathMode=auto``
is set, the configured mode is visible as well.
```

Furthermore, ensure that eBPF host routing is enabled - the reporting status under

> "Host Routing" must state "BPF".

Reviewer: Suggestion

```suggestion
netkit also requires eBPF host routing. The reporting status under
"Host Routing" must state "BPF".
```

> "Host Routing" must state "BPF".

Reviewer: Can we move the whole validation paragraph below the requirements and instructions for enabling it? It would make more sense to have it there, and it would be consistent with what most sections in the doc do (netkit and eBPF host routing are the exceptions).
